( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Miss.
Analyzing your birth chart,
it shows a cold and watery constitution.
Your destiny is full of clashes,
which has led to
an invasion of evil energy.
You need
a method of pure yang
to be able to
turn things around.
The chicken's head falls,
great luck and prosperity.
Can this
really change my luck?
Miss.
Don't rush.
It's not over yet.
Miss.
Don't mind the smell of this chicken blood.
Don't rush.
Smear a bit more.
It's all for your own good.
Ah!
What are you doing?
Miss, don't run.
Let's see where you can run.
Don't run.
The two officials and Wu Song went inside.
It smells so good.
At a cypress wood table and benches,
the two officials leaned their staffs,
took off their money belts,
and sat down on either side.
Wu Song first took off the bundle from his back and put it on the table,
untied his waist belt,
and took off his cloth shirt.
The two guards said,
There's no one around here.
We'll take the risk
and take off your cangue
so we can enjoy some wine.
They took off the seal,
removed the cangue,
and put it under the table.
They took off their upper garments
and hung them on the windowsill.
The woman smiled radiantly and said,
Hehe.
Sir,
how much wine do you want?
Wu Song said,
Don't ask how much,
just heat it up.
And
cut three to five catties of meat.
I'll pay you all together.
The woman said,
We also have big steamed buns.
Wu Song said,
Bring twenty to thirty of them as snacks.
This is a script
called Nüshu.
It's a script exclusively for women.
Master.
Didn't the Cleaner who killed you back then already die?
Why do I feel like he's back?
Master.
Hold it.
Grab it.
Grab it. Grab it.
Master.
I can't hold on anymore.
Go.
You... No...
No, hold on tight!
Hurry, chase them!
Hello.
A dismemberment case.
Dispatch units.
Because wild boars occasionally appear around here,
I just picked it up over there.
Who knows?
Alright, wait a moment.
Master, Chen.
What's going on?
Ah.
Go ahead.
Tell us
how you found these body parts.
Because around here,
wild boars occasionally appear.
That's where I found them.
I thought
it was just some discarded pork.
I never expected it to be human flesh.
Captain Gu,
we found a severed hand here.
For now,
stay in the village.
Don't go anywhere else.
If anything comes up later,
please cooperate fully with our investigation.
Okay.
Captain Gu,
based on the body parts found so far,
the victim is a male between 55 and 60 years old.
The time of death is approximately between 8 PM and 11 PM last night.
Hey.
Look.
On the inner side of the middle finger,
there is a callus,
which means he had a long-term habit of writing.
These fingernail crevices,
every single one of them is red.
I speculate that
this red substance
is cinnabar or something similar.
And the web of the hand here.
Look.
There are marks left by long-term incense burning.
I deduce that
the victim was likely engaged in
fortune-telling.
Fortune-telling or something similar.
This profession.
See if there are any people like that.
Zhai.
Go to the village.
Look around.
See if there are any related missing persons.
The pretty girl.
The wild girl.
The running girl.
Sir.
Sir!
Please!
Help!
What happened to you?
Miss.
Oh my, you're covered in blood.
Did you run into some bad guys?
Help me.
Where are you going?
Anywhere.
As long as I leave here.
Anywhere is fine.
Okay, get in quickly.
You first, here.
Here.
Okay.
Sit tight.
I'm seated.
Ah!
Let's go.
Guess his fortune-telling was off.
Found it.
Based on Chen's deduction.
We did find a fortune teller in Wangwu Village.
His name is Wang Xichuan.
Male,
58 years old.
The villagers also say Wang Xichuan can catch ghosts.
The ghosts in the tall crops
are suppressed by his spells.
The rumors are so convincing
that many people believed them,
and he became famous because of it.
Now he has become a ghost himself.
Tall crops.
Haunted.
Isn't he just a fraud?
Oh, right.
We also found on the dismembered bones
traces of chopping.
The dismemberment was quite professional.
It is highly likely that professional slaughtering tools were used,
such as a butcher knife.
Body parts found here.
Here too.
Found another body part here.
Hurry.
Come on, girl.
Get in here quickly.
Not used to it, right?
You'll get used to it.
Have a seat.
I'll pour you some water.
Here, drink some water.
Here.
Drink some hot water.
Our Wangwu Village
hasn't been peaceful lately.
I heard someone just died.
A lot of police came.
Yeah, right near Wang Xichuan's house,
around the green crop fields.
What's wrong?
Do you
know Wang Xichuan?
Yes, I do.
You know Wang Xichuan.
Wang Xichuan is the one
who said he'd give you to me.
Let's go.
Wang Xichuan finally kept his word.
Go, go, go.
Xiao Zhai.
Yeah.
Go get two baskets of steamed buns. I'm hungry.
Master, I really admire you.
You can still eat at a time like this.
The sight of food makes me sick.
We have to eat no matter what, right?
Go on.
Hey, Siyu.
What do you want to eat?
I'll go buy it for you.
No need. I'm not hungry.
Captain Gu.
We found most of the body parts in the green-crop field.
Currently, the main missing parts are the head
and some internal organs of the digestive system.
Has the fatal wound been confirmed?
Not yet.
Then it seems
the fatal wound is most likely on the head.
Tell everyone to search carefully.
Make sure to find the head
and determine the cause of death.
Yes.
Hey.
I think
the head is probably not in the crop fields.
All right.
Tell me your thoughts.
There was also a dismemberment case in the Scavenger case back then.
The killer threw the victim's body into the river.
Even after draining the river,
they didn't find the whole body.
Because the victim died of poisoning,
and the internal organs that could be directly tested for toxins
were never in the river from the start.
Besides dismemberment,
what else do these two cases have in common?
Without sufficient evidence,
I can't adjust the direction of the investigation.
You are deliberately avoiding the Scavenger case.
Why would I avoid it?
I know
you've been investigating the Scavenger case all these years.
So you're sensitive about it.
In the previous husband-killing case,
the person who left the Nvshu characters indeed acted a lot like the Scavenger.
But solving cases
can't rely on imagination.
Fine.
I will find more evidence
to prove the connection between these two cases.
Just like me when I was young,
stubborn.
All right.
I'll wait and see.
The household closest to Qingshazhang
is Wang Xichuan's.
There are no neighbors around.
These are anesthetic herbs.
What did they use this for?
There are blood spatter marks here.
It seems there was a struggle.
Judging from the blood spatter trajectory
and the tidiness of the room,
the victim must have been ambushed from behind.
They must have known each other
and been very close.
There isn't a large amount of blood at the scene.
It seems
this isn't the dismemberment scene.
Brat.
Where did Qiu Chen go?
He's not answering his phone.
Captain Gu.
Hey.
We have a new discovery here.
Did you find the heads?
No.
We found two new skeletons,
and both are missing their heads.
Speak.
Hello, Master.
I asked the villagers.
Wang Xichuan has a son named Wang Mingming.
He used to work at a slaughterhouse when he was younger,
but then he suddenly
gave up on life.
He just stays at home all day living off his parents,
indulging in all kinds of vices.
Listen to me.
Go investigate Wang Mingming right away.
See who the father and son have been in contact with.
Also,
focus on finding out how their relationship is.
Yes.
Hey.
You escaped from the cellar
of Wang Xichuan's house, right?
Yeah.
Oh.
That makes sense.
Then we saved the right person.
Then let's get started quickly.
Let's not waste any time.
Hahaha. Oh my.
Who is it?
I haven't even started smelling yet.
Mr. Yang.
Are you there, Mr. Yang?
Damn it. It's the middle of the night.
I'll be right back.
Don't rush.
Yes.
Why aren't you sleeping
in the middle of the night?
You went to sleep this early?
Who in their right mind
would stay awake at this hour?
No, these two officers
came to ask about Wang Xichuan and his son.
Oh.
Hello, officers.
What happened to Wang Xichuan and his son?
Did they commit a crime?
He's dead.
The body parts in the crop fields were his.
Dead?
Yes.
I heard Wang Xichuan has a son named Wang Mingming.
He worked for you, right?
Oh, yes, he did.
Tell you what,
come with me to the village office
and tell us about Wang Xichuan and his son.
Oh, okay.
Right now?
Now.
Oh, now.
Thank the gods for granting this holy water.
Drink this bowl of holy water.
It guarantees a long life
and good fortune. Hahaha!
Drink.
Oh my.
This girl has long hair
and a face full of scars.